Add actions event testing information (#4203)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/actions.md

This takes effect within minutes, and removes the action completely. Any data that would have gone to the destination is not delivered. Once deleted, the saved action cannot be restored.

## Test a destination action
To test a destination action, follow the instructions in [Testing Connections](/docs/connections/test-connections/). You must enable a mapping in order to test the destination. Otherwise, this error occurs: *You may not have any subscriptions that match this event.*

You can also test within the mapping itself. To test the mapping:

> 1. Navigate to the *Mappings** tab of your destination. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Mappings** tab of your destination. 
```

> 2. Select a mapping and click the **...*** and select **Edit Mapping**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select a mapping and click the **...** and select **Edit Mapping**. 
```

> 3. In step 2 of the mappings edit page, click **Load Test Event from Source** to add a test event from the source or you can add your own sample event. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In step 2 of the mappings edit page, click **Load Test Event from Source** to add a test event from the source, or you can add your own sample event. 
```

> 4. Go to step 4 on the mappings edit page, and click **Test Mapping** to test the mapping and view the response from the destination. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Scroll to step 4 on the page, and click **Test Mapping** to test the mapping and view the response from the destination. 
```

This takes effect within minutes, and removes the action completely. Any data that would have gone to the destination is not delivered. Once deleted, the saved action cannot be restored.

## Test a destination action

> To test a destination action, follow the instructions in our [testing conections documentation](https://segment.com/docs/connections/test-connections/). A mapping must be enabled in order to be tested. If it is not enabled, or there is not a mapping to match the event being tested, you will see an error in the event tester that states: **'You may not have any subscriptions that match this event.'**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test a destination action, follow the instructions in [Testing Connections](/docs/connections/test-connections/). A mapping must be enabled in order to be tested. If it is not enabled, or there is not a mapping to match the event being tested, you will see an error in the event tester that states: **'You may not have any subscriptions that match this event.'**
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test a destination action, follow the instructions in [Testing Connections](/docs/connections/test-connections/). You must enable a mapping in order to test the destination. Otherwise, this error occurs: *You may not have any subscriptions that match this event.*
```

> You can also test within the mapping itself. Click an individual mapping to edit. In step 2 of the mapping, you can add a test event from the source, or a sample event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also test within the mapping itself. To test the mapping:
1. Navigate to the *Mappings** tab of your destination. 
2. Select a mapping and click the **...*** and select **Edit Mapping**. 
3. In step 2 of the mappings edit page, click **Load Test Event from Source** to add a test event from the source or you can add your own sample event. 
4. Go to step 4 on the mappings edit page, and click **Test Mapping** to test the mapping and view the response from the destination. 
```

> A second option is to test within the mapping itslef. Click an individual mapping to edit. In step 2 of the mapping, you can add a test event from the source, or a sampe event:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also test within the mapping itself. Click an individual mapping to edit. In step 2 of the mapping, you can add a test event from the source, or a sample event:
```

<img width="915" alt="Screenshot of test or sample event load in mappings" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78318468/217881329-05546b7c-80f1-4641-b201-f755f6afa1f7.png">

> From there you can scroll to step 4 to test the mapping and view the response from the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <img width="915" alt="Screenshot of test or sample event load in mappings" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78318468/217881329-05546b7c-80f1-4641-b201-f755f6afa1f7.png">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> From there you can scroll to step 4 to test the mapping and receive a response from the destination:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From there you can scroll to step 4 to test the mapping and view the response from the destination.
```

> <img width="878" alt="Screenshot of event testing section of mapping" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78318468/217882013-508af07d-8b5d-4d4d-bb48-0ec986306418.png">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> <img width="877" alt="Screenshot of test event response in mapping" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78318468/217882104-b0b4dac3-9f8f-4034-a374-7adb171153f2.png">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
